We've got the pork tenderloin here,
which is the most tender muscle
on the whole body,
and we just need to get it to a state
where it is
not inhibited by silver skin anymore.
So we're going to be denuding
the tenderloin.
A few things
that we're going to talk about
first,
though, is we have a lot of this exterior
almost loose fat on here
and we do see some more glands in here
and some more veins.
So we need to be cognizant of that
and just make sure we're removing them.
This section here also has
what's called the chain, which is a side
muscle that we can pretty much
just take our fingers
and remove it.
Right.
There's our chain
and what we want to do with
the chain is just remove any of that.
Heavy glands
and fat on it that can be used for trim.
So now the tenderloin, like I don't like
to use the knife very much
when I'm working with the Tenderloin,
you're apt to get in there and maybe,
you know, make nicks in areas
that you don't want.
So I'll use my fingers to actually work
a lot of this stuff out.
So once I can find an area
where I can get my fingers in.
I'll come in and I'll actually just
start pulling away a lot of this fat
to get it to where I want it to be.
So a lot of this fat is just removable
with your fingers.
And then once we get it to that state
where it's holding on a little bit
tighter, that's when I'll take my knife and just start removing some of this stuff.
So we're going to remove this fat.
And then what we're left with is our
tenderloin with this silver skin on it.
So we do want to remove the silver skin,
and we can certainly do a few different
applications for the tenderloin.
It can be either cut into medallions.
We could trust it in roasted whole,
butterfly it opened, stuff
it, all sorts of possibilities,
but I find that coming underneath
and just denuding the tenderloin like so.
Removing any of that silver skin.
Getting it to this point here
and now we've got a tenderloin
totally denuded.
Ready for use.